What would be the best data structure to model the behavior of the supply basket? 
Justify your answer and explain how it would be used.

What is the time complexity of adding new seeds to the supply basket?
What is the time complexity of removing seeds from the supply basket?
What is the time complexity of checking to see if the supply basket is empty?

The best data structure for this behavior is to use a stack. 
Stacks allow us to pile up data almost like an array but with 
major key differences.
When using a stack, items that were placed most 
recently into the stack must be taken out 
FIRST before the older items can be taken out.


In the case of this game, the seeds would be put 
into a data stack. 
If pumkin seeds are put in first, then strawberry 
seeds second,
then you must first pull out strawberry seeds from 
the stack. You cannot access the pumpkin
seeds until you have removed the strawberry seeds.


The time complexity is a big advantage of using a stack.

The time complexity for adding seeds, removing seeds, 
and checking if the basket is empty are all O(1)

This is because one of the benefits of using a stack 
is that they offer an enhanced performance for 
operations compared to iterating through and array. 
All of a stack's push, pop, and empty operations are 
much simpler than
iterating through an array and therefore have a O(1)


OUTLINE

Best data structure --> stack. 
Pile up data __ array __  
major key differences.
recently items --> take out first
CANNOT ACCES OLD DATA 
until recent data is taken out


In the case of this game, 
seeds --> data stack
watermelon seeds --> first
strawberry --> second
First pull out strawberry seeds
You cannot access the pumpkin
seeds until you have removed the strawberry seeds.


The time complexity is a big advantage of using a stack.

The time complexity for adding seeds, removing seeds, 
and checking if the basket is empty are all O(1)

Best benefits: Performance
Enhanced performance VS iterating through and array. 

stack's push, pop, and empty operations are more efficient 
iterating through an array and therefore have a O(1)




